#summary FAQ

*Q*: What is this cheat detection that I've heard about, and what have you done about it?
  * *A*: Kabam has added a check in their code to look for certain DOM elements on the HTML page, such as the BOT, TOOLS and auto-attack buttons. We have removed the ID from those elements so that their code will no longer find them.  Kabam will then have to change their code to look harder for them.  Of course we will always be able to change code quicker than they can :)

*Q*: Why are options are being reset or lost.
  * *A*: Firefox only saves script options on a normal exit. So, if Firefox crashes, all changes you have made to options may be lost. This is true for most if not all KOC scripts!

*Q*: Can you expand the map search past 75?
  * *A*: We will not do this for various reasons:
    * The time to search gets exponentially longer as the search radius is increased.
    * Searching makes may requests to the KofC server. We do not want to overload their servers or indicate that a bot is being used.
    * Search results use a lot of memory in javascript. Imagine trying to store the results of a full map search where there are over half a million entries!

*Q*: When cresting the 1st wave is only sending out 10% of the inputed troops.
  * *A*: The very first wave goes out with 100% troops.  The second wave with the designated amount.  Once the wild is abandoned the wild's troops reset, and the possibility of the crest resets, however the traps slowly reset.  It only sends out about 10% of the 1st wave because the time it takes your suicide wave to arrive there a second time the wild should have no more than 15 traps at the wild.  check your reports.

*Q*: Where did my Tools go?
  * *A*: Many of my members have this issue, most of the time it is as simple as having a different Tools installed such as POC3.  If you have a different script installed that is similar to BOT or tools, sometimes a conflict occurs and neither script is visible.  Go to your toolbar tools, options, greasemonkey, manage userscripts, see what scripts are enabled.  Uninstall all scripts that pertain to KOC.  Install http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/103659.user.js and http://userscripts.org/scripts/source/101052.user.js  This may solve your issue.  

  * Other times when FF gets updated sometimes somthing goes haywire.  A last resort is to uninstall and reinstall FF5, GM, and the scripts.  This can be a pain at times as you will have to reset all your settings.  But odds are, this will fix your issue.
----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToTower">Tower</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToBH">Build</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToCrest">Crest</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToBarb">Barb</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowtoTransport">Transport</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToSearch">Search</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToGifts">Gifts</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToLog">Log</a>