#summary Using the Raid functions of Bot
=KoC Power Bot - Raid=

Raids are a new feature to the Kingdoms of Camelot game with some great advantages over previous automated methods for gaining food that include food collection regardless of whether a player is online or not and barbarian camps that always provide full loot. The Power Bot addresses a few of the drawbacks.

==Getting Started==

Kabam's <a href="http://community.kabam.com/forums/showthread.php?20744-Barbarian-Raid-Guide&p=115313#post115313">Barbarian Raids Guild</a> is available on their forum. 

Quick entry of Barb Raids may be done in the Power Bot by using the export to Raid function in the <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToSearch">Search Tab</a>.

"Stop Raids" tab at the top of the game will stop all your current raids from marching. If raids have begun marching, they will need to return before you see them as stopped in the game.

"Resume Raids" tab at the top of the game will re-start raids that have been stopped and reset the timer to the raids.

"Delete Raids" will quickly remove all stopped raids that are saved in the rally point of your cities, making the troops available and freeing up the rally points. It does not permanently delete them from your bot and they will be stored in "Saved Raids" for each city for quick re-entry.

==Important Information==

•	Barbarian Raids will march continuously towards the desired Barbarian Camp. You are guaranteed to get a full yield from these camps, even if you aim all of your raids towards the same camp. 

•	You are not required to remain inside of Kingdoms in order for your troops to continue barbing! Scheduled Raids will continue to march on their targeted Barbarian Camp even if you exit out of the App! 

•	In order to ensure that your raids are continually running, you will have to check and restart the Raid Timer at least once every 24 hours. Simply click on this button within the “Barbarian Raid” tab in your Rally Point to continue your raids for another 24 hours.

•	Raids take up a Rally Point march slot regardless if they are currently out marching or in any other state. You will have to delete one of your raids before you can send more troops out. Once that march has returned, then you can set up the raid again.

•	The "Auto Delete Battle Reports" option will be checked as default when the feature is rolled out. You can change this setting by deselecting the setting box on the Raid modal. Players will not receieve Raid Reports when they are not logged in to the game, and all Raid reports will be deleted after three days. 

•	Make sure to send enough troops to suffer no or minimal losses if you wish to take advantage of the stop raiding killswitch that will kick in if you lose more troops then your current setting (default is set to 100%, so any raid will end if your troop count drops below your initial troop numbers assigned to that raid).

•	Barbarian Raids can only be set to march on Barbarian Camps. You cannot schedule any marches on player cities or other Wilds using this feature.

•	Barbarian Raids will march at a minimum of approximately 3 minutes, even if you Raid camps that are close by.

•	Barbarian Raids can be asked to be stopped while Raid is running, and will stop once Raid is returned to your city.



----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToTower">Tower</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToBH">Build</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToCrest">Crest</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToRaid">Raid</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToBarb">Barb</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowtoTransport">Transport</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToReassign">Reassign</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToSearch">Search</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToGifts">Gifts</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToLog">Log</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToSpam">Spam</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToAutoTrain">AutoTrain</a>
http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-bot/wiki/HowToChat">Chat</a>